quietly
Will you marry me?
I know I'm just a current improvement at the moment
This beautiful wedding doesn't belong to me
But I am at this moment
But I want to be the real bride of the man opposite
The bride and groom are invited to exchange engagement rings
His feeling of weakness and fear
Exactly the same as that night
I will make you
The happiest wife in the world
The base of his lips is the same as the inner tattoo
The taste of cherry blossoms
I know the person he wants to marry is Mu Qingqing
Can you just let this happiness stay a little longer?
Even for a second
This dead stare
Why is it so similar to warmth?
I'm going to change clothes first
Why did he suddenly seem like a different person?
Why can I only be the shadow of Mu Qingqing
Lu Caution
If this wedding is really ours
How nice it would be
Barna on Economy Street
Hey, fourth brother, look
Miss Mu and warmth
Does it look like a sister's hair?
Who is the woman you are accompanying me with?
Should I call your mother dear?
Or keep you warm